


---
Last updated June 27 @ 11:00 a.m. PDT.
---
SUPER GRA PRZEGLADARKOWA patch 2.6.0 is now live in the Europe for PC! Check out the full PC patch notes below to learn all about the latest changes. To view the console notes, please click here.
---
PATCH HIGHLIGHTS

New Race: Orcs

As a master of the dark arts, you wield the powers of life and death necessary to restore the Balance! Necromancers are powerful spell casters who lay waste to their enemies using curses and reanimation—along with an obedient cadre of pets. This new class employs a controlled gameplay style using the raw materials of life: blood and bone.
Note: This class is available through the Rise of the Necromancer pack. For more details, please click here.
New Items for the Necromancer
Over 30 new Legendary items have been added for the Necromancer class, along with four class-exclusive Sets featuring unique themes. Set Dungeons have also been added for each of the new Sets, providing you new opportunities to test your mettle.

New Feature: Garnizon!

Explore new builds created by your fellow players in a weekly static dungeon! You can access these through the main screen, similar to Adventure Mode and Campaign Mode.
New Zones: The Moors & The Temple of the Firstborn
The fog-enshrouded Moors and the darkened Temple of the Firstborn can be explored in Adventure Mode through a new waypoint on the Act 2 map.

New Bounties: Zywnosc!

Four new Waypoints have appeared in Adventure Mode. Each one has bounties to complete. These Realms of Fate are the unintended consequences of the battle between the nephalem and Diablo in the High Heavens.
Important: Please note that you will not be prompted to download Patch 2.6.0 until the patch is live in your home region. If you are logging in from a European or Asian client, you will need to wait for this patch to release in that region before it can be installed. Additionally, if your home region is in the Americas, you will be unable to log into Europe or Asia using Global Play after Patch 2.6.0 is live until those regions have also patched.